docs: Clarify information about Github tokens and secrets (#13)
getsentry/github-actions-app: README.md

- If this is for development, you can place the token in a file named `.env` as `GH_TOKEN`

### Deployment set up

- Deploy the app to a service (e.g. GCP) and make it publicly reachable
- Take note of the app's URL and use it when creating the Github webhook
- Environment variables:
  - `APP_DSN`: Report errors to Sentry of the app itself
  - `GH_SECRET`: Report errors to Sentry of the app itself
  - `GH_TOKEN`: This is used to validate API calls are coming from Github webhook
  - `SENTRY_GITHUB_DSN`: Where to report Github job transactions
  - `LOGGING_LEVEL` (optional): To set the verbosity of Python's logging (defaults to INFO)

**Optional**: Once you have a deployment, you may wish to go back to Sentry and whitelist the deployment.

### Github webhook

Create a Github webhook for a repo (or an org):

- Under settings select "Webhooks":
- Choose "Add webhook"
- Choose `application/json`
- Choose `workflow` events

> - Add a secret with `ruby -rsecurerandom -e 'puts SecureRandom.hex(20)'` on your command line

Author: ```suggestion
- Add a secret with `python3 -c 'import secrets; print(secrets.token_urlsafe(20))'` on your command line
```

I will take it!
